Pin blinding mechanism to mode (#250)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

Output:

 SerializedElement unblindedElement

def VerifiableUnblind(blind, evaluatedElement, blindedElement, pkS, proof):
  Z = GG.DeserializeElement(evaluatedElement)
  R = GG.DeserializeElement(blindedElement)
  if VerifyProof(G, pkS, R, Z, proof) == false:
    ABORT()

  blindedPublicKey = blind * pkS
  N := Z - blindedPublicKey
  unblindedElement = GG.SerializeElement(N)

  return unblindedElement
~~~

The internal `VerifiablePreprocess` function computes a blind and the corresponding
blinded version of the group generator. By default, it takes no inputs. If the server

> public key is available when invoked, it can be supplied here to produce a blinded

Reviewer: Should we be more specific about how the server key is blinded if it is provided here? Perhaps offering it as an optional input below and then returning either nil (if it wasn't supplied) or the blinded version. I would just be worried that this text leaves it up to interpretation currently.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like this:
```
~~~
Input:
  PublicKey? pkS

Output:
  Element blindedGenerator
  Element blindedPublicKey
  Scalar blind

def Preprocess(pkS):
  blind = GG.RandomScalar()
  blindedGenerator = ScalarBaseMult(blind)
  if (!pkS):
    return blindedGenerator, null, blind
  blindedPublicKey = ScalarMult(pkS, blind)
  return blindedGenerator, blindedPublicKey, blind
~~~
```

Author: I resolved this slightly differently by using the public key that's available upon context creation.

> representation of the public key. This avoids computing it in `VerifiableUnblind`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
representation of the public key. This avoids computing `blindedPublicKey` in `VerifiableUnblind`.
```

must adhere to the implementation and security considerations discussed
in {{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve}} when instantiating the function.

## Blinding Considerations {#blind-considerations}

This document makes use of two types of blinding variants: multiplicative and
additive. The advantage of additive blinding is that it allows the client to

> pre-process tables of blinded scalar multiplications for the group generator.
> This may give it a computational efficiency advantage (due to the fact that a
> fixed-base multiplication can be calculated faster than a variable-base
> multiplication). Pre-processing also reduces the amount of computation that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pre-process tables of multiples of the group generator.
This gives computational efficiency advantage, due to the fact that, by
using precomputation, fixed-base multiplications can be calculated faster
than variable-base multiplications. Pre-processing also reduces the
amount of computation that
```

needs to be done in the online exchange.

However, the choice of blinding mechanism has security implications. {{JKX21}}
analyze the security properties of both blinding mechanisms used in this
document. The results can be summarized as follows:

> - Multiplicative is safe for all applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Multiplicative blinding is safe for all applications.
```

- Additive blinding is possibly unsafe, unless one of the following conditions

>   is met: The client has a certified copy of the server public key, as is the
>   case in verifiable mode, the client input has high entropy, or the client mixes
>   the public key into the OPRF evaluation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  is met: The client has a certified copy of the server public key (as is the
  case in verifiable mode), the client input has high entropy, or the client mixes
  the public key into the OPRF evaluation.
```

To avoid security issues with the base mode, this specification RECOMMENDS use of
multiplicative blinding. This is because it is not known if the server public key
is available or if the client input has high entropy. Applications wherein either
of these conditions are true MAY use additive blinding.

> The verifiable mode always makes use of the more optimal additive blinding variant,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The verifiable mode always makes use of the more efficient additive blinding variant,
```

> as the public key is available by necessity for verifying the proof.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as the public key is always available for verifying the proof.
```

must adhere to the implementation and security considerations discussed
in {{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve}} when instantiating the function.

## Blinding Considerations {#blind-considerations}

This document makes use of two types of blinding variants: multiplicative and
additive. The advantage of additive blinding is that it allows the client to
pre-process tables of multiples of the group generator.

> This gives computational efficiency advantage, due to the fact that, by

Reviewer: Maybe we should be less certain here, because the advantage is only provided that the pre-computation is done.

```suggestion
This can provide a computational efficiency advantage due to the fact that, by
```

using precomputation, fixed-base multiplications can be calculated faster
than variable-base multiplications. Pre-processing also reduces the
amount of computation that
needs to be done in the online exchange.

However, the choice of blinding mechanism has security implications. {{JKX21}}
analyze the security properties of both blinding mechanisms used in this
document. The results can be summarized as follows:

- Multiplicative blinding is safe for all applications.
- Additive blinding is possibly unsafe, unless one of the following conditions

>   is met: The client has a certified copy of the server public key (as is the
>   case in verifiable mode), the client input has high entropy, or the client mixes
>   the public key into the OPRF evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is met: 
    - The client has a certified copy of the server public key (as is the case in the verifiable mode)
    - The client input has high entropy
    - The client mixes the public key into the OPRF evaluation.
```

> To avoid security issues with the base mode, this specification RECOMMENDS use of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid security issues with the base mode, where some of the above conditions may not be met, this specification RECOMMENDS use of
```
